The concept of the exhibit Almost Human stood out to me the most. It is a new form of digital media art that I hadn’t seen before. The exhibit covered new technological forms to the most recent. In the exhibit, I enjoyed the cathode rays that were connected to each other displaying screens connecting parts of a human face. Another was a dark room with slides of green slides of text sliding across the room with a mechanic voice narrating human-like thoughts. I thought they were very creative ways to resemble the near future artificial intelligence and the current computer technology we have now. Finally, in the Almost Human gallery, 5 monitors connected to each other sought to display the sensations of a butterfly.

Two other displays were just as creative. On the upper floor was an exhibition named “Make Me a Summary of the World” by Rina Banerjee. They were just as whimsical, seeking to display other worldly manifestations of the physical world. The materials used and the cultural representation caught my interest.
Another display was a clay creation by a Japanese artist. I was curious to see what kind of clay was used. It seemed that the artwork was well preserved. 
All in all, I enjoyed the displays showed. They created a sense of mystery and fascination of our current world. I enjoyed the contrast between the two exhibitions, one exploring our current and future technological advancements and the other, showing the playful and capricious form of art of the cultural and natural world.
